Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Will you tell me something?
We are on the beach.
Walking on the beach.
And the clouds are rolling in so
fast, we can see them coming.
The ocean is rolling
in the wind so fast,
and the wind, we
can see it coming.
And then the rain begins.
Big drops, like acorns
hitting the sand.
And it starts raining hard.
But in the distance,
we see buildings.
When it's dark
and when it's light,
high walls...
Very, very high walls.
We walk around them
looking for a door.
And you find one.
I find the door.
And inside,
it is warm,
and bright,
and there are others.
Then what happens?
They give us things
to eat and drink.
And when we've eaten so
much we can't eat any more,
we climb up.
Up the stairs, into rooms.
Each our own room,
each our own bed.
Bed.
There's clean blankets
and clean sheets.
Sheets.
And the rain pounds
against the windows,
but the glass is
sealed and strong.
Nothing comes through
but the sound.
No wind, no cold...
Just the sound.
Where is it?
We're on the way.
We're going back.
[maHome.
Home.
Hey, hey! What you doing?
I'm not gonna hunt it, I'm
gonna follow it to water.
- We have to keep moving.
- No, stay here.
Hey!
Hey. Hey...
Come on. Come on.
It's okay.
It's all right.
What is that?
It's a bandage.
Is anyone here?
No.
No, I've... I've
searched everywhere.
We're alone.
Oh.
It's safe.
There's anything we
could ever want here.
Food, water...
Water.
What if this is home?
It's not.
The two towers.
Where is the ocean?
Where are people?
There are beds.
There is sheets.
I have no memory of this place.
This is the only thing
we have come across
in years of walking.
There is something wrong here.
The longer we stay here, the
longer till we get there.
We have water now.
We could pack it,
get to the other side of the
forest into the Silver Ridge.
I made it up.
I told you I knew where we came from
and where we were going, but...
it wasn't real.
What are you talking about?
It was easier to keep going
if we had somewhere to go.
That's all it ever was.
What about the map?
Do you really know where we are?
Leave me alone.
I said, leave me alone.
The flame...
Illyrio and Selena.
Samuel's purse...
The two towers.
What do you see?
Hmm?
Over here?
Illyrio?
And Selena.
Uh-huh. And there?
The two towers.
Over here?
Samuel's purse.
Do you know how much of
my life you've wasted?
I'll never get that time back.
Now we have to start over.
From nothing.
With less time left.
While we could have been
figuring this out together
all along.
We'll figure it out.
What?
Nothing.
You look stupid.
It's a fork.
A what?
A fork. This thing.
A fort?
Fork.
Fork. It's a fork.
You look stupid.
What?
- What?
- Nothing.
Do tell me.
This is...
different.
Different how?
I don't know. It's...
It's not different.
It's different.
Different how?
I don't know. It's
not different.
It's different.
Different how?
I don't know.
You're so skinny.
♪
Hello?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Hey.
Uh...
Guess what I found.
Soap.
Hey!
You see...
What did you do?
I...
I turned the lights on.
You do that to me again
and I'll kill you.
Turn them off!
Okay.
I found some new
clothes for you.
♪
What's your name?
Is this yours?
We are on the beach.
Walking on the beach.
The clouds rolled in from the ocean
so fast you could see them coming.
The ocean rolled in
the wind so fast,
and the wind, you
could see it coming.
And then the rain began.
Big drops, hitting the
sand like acorns.
But in the distance,
we saw a building.
And you pushed open the door.
And inside, it was
warm and bright,
and there were others.
And we ate with them,
and there was music.
And then when we'd eaten so
much we couldn't eat any more,
we climbed up.
We went up the
stairs, into rooms.
Each our own room, and
each our own bed,
with clean blankets,
clean sheets.
And the rain pounded
on the windows,
but the windows were
sealed and strong,
and only the sound got through.
No wind, no cold,
just the sound.
♪
I like your clothes.
Music.
What's in the other building?
What?
The other building.
Did you see something?
What?
I don't know.
I just want us to be honest.
I didn't see anything.
I wanna stay.
Okay.
Where will we go?
There's nowhere else, is there?
No.
♪
Better?
These people were very happy.
Why do you say that?
They're smiling in every
single one of these pictures.
Are you always happy
when you smile?
No.
So?
They all just seem really happy.
♪
That music makes
me feel strange.
You just have to get used to it.
It's really very beautiful.
♪
Do you think we should be
sleeping in different beds?
The beds are too small
for two people.
Other rooms have bigger beds.
We haven't cleaned
the other rooms.
We can clean another room.
Okay.
You wanna do it now?
We don't have to.
We can.
Let's do it tomorrow.
No, let's do it now.
A train arrives...
200...
and every room is full.
Happy people everywhere...
I have invited the young woman.
You can move, can't you?
That's okay, I can be patient.
I have nothing but time now.
I need to know what happened
here and I need your help.
It's your voice on
the tapes, isn't it?
You were the last one here.
Please tell me what happened.
Tell me something.
♪
I remember this game.
I've started remembering more
of the time before.
It's called pool.
Or billions.
Pool, I think.
I was good at it.
I missed.
It's called a scratch.
It's my turn now.
♪
But there were
other things, too.
A small blue flower
hanging from a tree
as I rocked back and
forth beneath it.
A dog called Marvin, I think.
And I was eating sugar
beneath a table
while the grownups drank and
played some kind of game
at the table above me.
And swimming in the
ocean at night.
I was angry once and threw
a doll into tall grass,
and no matter how long I
looked, I never found it.
I was very, very afraid of the spooky
tree outside my grandparents' window.
They had a black
cat named Secret
that would run into the basement
whenever there was a loud noise.
Thunder, especially.
When I was little,
a boy asked me if we
could be married,
and I said yes.
Sometimes I think
we're still engaged.
Can you turn off the music?
Why?
Yeah, okay, sure.
Be still.
I'm alone...
I am not alone.
Somebody is here.
Something.
That sound.
The sound of nothing.
It might as well be
in my own mind...
There it is.
Did you hear it?
That sound.
The sound of nothing.
It might as well
be in my own mind.
There it is.
Did you hear it?
That's it.
That's the sound.
I don't know what happened.
It was just...
there.
And then it was all gone.
Happened here, too, didn't it?
But what? What was it?
What is that sound?
Did she come here?
Has she been here?
If she's been here,
blink one eye.
If not, blink two.
If she loves me,
blink one eye.
If not...
Today I woke up early.
Today...
I awoke at dawn.
A hush seemed to be
upon our forest.
I walked...
[mal woke up early today.
It was quiet.
All was peaceful, but not I.
[womaYou're so old, aren't you?
I never knew how old...
and lonely.
Lonelier than me even.
Yes, but you have me now.
You do.
I'm not leaving.
I promise, I'm not.
Not ever.
You got it?
Okay, good.
Why wouldn't she come meet you?
You don't know, do you?
You never got to find out.
It's lonely being lonely.
And it's hard not
to know things.
But it's easier when you're with
someone who cares about you.
But when you're lonely and you're
lost, all at the same time...
Who was she?
Oh.
Pretty?
I bet.
And you have to know that
when certain things go,
other things are going to come.
But I'm not going to go.
I'm not going anywhere.
And that's a promise,
cross my heart.
That's one good thing.
We don't have to be lonely
anymore, you and I.
Even if things are confusing,
at least we're not alone.
Ah!
And white dust
came in once again,
under the door.
Found its way through the wall.
And the white dust came in
once again, under the door.
Found its way through the
cracks in the walls.
And far away,
barely visible through
the swirling dust,
was a solitary figure.
She waited and watched till
the figure approached.
She knew that when he arrived,
whoever he was,
then the pattern was complete.
She would be done
with this place.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
And the white dust
came in once again...
I brought you something to eat.
It looks good.
Fresh.
What is that?
Oh, uh, it's nothing.
A story?
What story is it?
It's... it's just a story.
When did you start
telling stories again?
It's... it's nothing. Really.
It's nothing.
What about the other tapes?
Uh.
Just...
music, mostly.
And, uh, and the one
voice on many of them.
What's he saying, that voice?
Nothing.
Nonsense.
"I did this, I did that,
I drank coffee,
I waited for someone
who never came..."
Nothing.
You haven't learned
anything, then?
Not what happened.
You fixed the clocks.
Yes.
How long would you
say we've been here?
I'm not sure.
I think it's been
a very long time.
♪
When did you do this?
Do you like it?
No.
Oh! What are you doing?
Are you stupid?
- What is wrong with you?
- This!
This is what's wrong with me!
It's a lie. Do you hear me?
A lie. I've made it up.
It's bullshit. It's nothing.
It's dreams.
There is nothing out there.
We are alone.
But I remember it.
You do not remember it!
I hate you.
Go on, then.
You okay?
Are you okay?
Yes.
I'm really sorry.
What are you sorry about?
I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have yelled at you.
I just...
It's okay.
It's not okay.
This place,
it's getting to me a
bit, obviously, and
- I just...
- It's okay.
It's not okay.
Are we arguing about this?
No.
Why didn't you say anything?
About what?
The buildings weren't empty.
You knew they weren't empty.
Why didn't you tell me?
You lied to me.
I was trying to protect us.
Are you serious?
How many times have
you been here?
Once a day. Sometimes, more.
But you knew about him, too.
Which was a lie.
Another lie.
Another unforgivable lie.
You can't trust him.
I can't trust you.
It might as well be
in my own mind...
There it is. Did you hear it?
That's it.
That's the sound.
You must run.
Hey!
I just don't wanna
hear his voice.
I don't ever
want to hear his lying
voice ever again.
I don't even know him.
He doesn't know me
either, at all.
He used to try, I guess.
Oh!
I have so many questions for you,
I don't even know where to start.
What's your name?
Who are you?
What is that?
It's really nice.
What was that sound?
Ow. Wait.
The mirrors here
are very strange.
Have you noticed that?
I've never been this way before.
It's beautiful.
♪
Can we stop for a minute?
Let go.
Let... let go of me!
I said let go!
What happened?
We're on the beach.
Walking on the beach.
The clouds are rolling in
from the ocean so fast,
you can see them coming.
The ocean
is rolling in from
the wind so fast,
and the wind,
you can see it coming.
We are in the woods.
We are walking in the woods.
And the wind begins,
blowing through the tree tops.
[maWe lean back and
forth like giants.
And in the distance,
we hear a thunderclap.
And then the rain begins.
And we run.
The rain is warm
and the smell of the trees
is rich in our noses.
And then,
smoke.
And in the distance,
we see a little house
built of stone and wood.
And you push open the door.
And inside,
there are people.
And it is warm
and bright.
And they give us things
to eat and drink.
And they give us a bed.
And sheets.
It's where we came from.
It's where we're going.
Home.
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org